load-svg tolman.svg 1.9231
set-scale-bars 20
set-title Sunburst maze
place-agent-at-start-of-svg-path outbound
set-origin
set-trial-phase dark-gray Initial excursion
set-arena-from-svg-layer train
trigger-reward food
follow-trajectory-from-svg-path outbound
set-arena-from-svg-layer test
add-labels-from-svg-layer test
follow-trajectory-from-svg-path inbound
set-trial-phase blue Attempted return to goal
set-fence-from-svg-path fence1
set-fence-from-svg-path fence2
set-fence-from-svg-path fence3
set-fence-from-svg-path fence4
set-fence-from-svg-path fence5
set-fence-from-svg-path fence6
set-fence-from-svg-path fence7
set-fence-from-svg-path fence8
set-fence-from-svg-path fence9
set-fence-from-svg-path fence10
set-fence-from-svg-path fence11
set-fence-from-svg-path fence12
seek-reward food 100000
